well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about walks and lessons blocks like hair
if you haven't heard there's two young
men in Texas who will not be able to
walk with their graduating class unless
they cut their locks we will just go
through the normal stuff real quick yes
it hair does take a while to grow this
shouldn't have been a surprise to
anybody at the school but all of a
sudden they want to enforce it that
seems a little odd a lot of people want
to go straight to race and maybe maybe I
went to the website there are a whole
lot of students male students with hair
that would be out of dress code by the
standards that are holding these young
men too they don't seem to be having any
problems but they don't look like them
either so maybe that is it but let's
pretend it's not for a second let's give
them the benefit of the doubt and say
that's not it
for whatever reason despite evidence to
the contrary that's not it
see when things like this happen people
refer to it as the outrage of the week
you know some simple thing that's just
blown out of proportion so two teens
have to cut their hair big deal why is
this national news right
the thing is when these things happen
the reason they resonate is because
there's an underlying issue that needs
to be addressed that's why they get
picked up that's why it enrages people
that's why the outrage exists so let's
take a step back why don't we have a
dress code at a school
what's it there to do why do we have
them
the idea is that it's gonna teach a
lesson it's gonna teach the students
something prepare them for the real
world depending on where you work you
may have to wear safety equipment at
school or at work still toed boots
reflective clothing something okay
that's why schools don't allow students
to wear the sandals that slip off really
easily fair enough
makes sense I guess I would suggest that
my high school students could make that
determination on their own but whatever
fair enough that doesn't apply here
doesn't apply here it's not like these
kids have hair down to their knees in
fact it is just ridiculously normal like
when you actually see the photos of
their hairs it doesn't even make any
sense
and it's kept up on top of that so
that's one but it doesn't apply another
one is a distraction it's going to be a
distraction to the other students
doesn't apply here does not apply here
this is very normal hair very normal but
even that idea kind of falls flat when
you think about it because with the
policy wasn't in place you would have
more students exercising their right to
individual expression showing themselves
as people as individuals therefore
hairstyles and clothing styles would be
varied to a greater degree it wouldn't
be a distraction because it would be the
norm so that doesn't make any sense and
that really doesn't seem like it's
preparing them for adulthood either
sometimes it's a puritanical holdover
you know you ladies better cover
yourselves those boys they just can't
control themselves is that sense the
right message you know but those are the
main reasons and then you have professor
journalism is one this hairstyle would
be accepted at almost every job it's not
out of the norm in any way shape or form
not only that those things change they
really do you know when I was growing up
I was told if he had a visible tattoo
you would be able to get a job to this
day I don't have visible tattoos
meanwhile my doctor has sleeves and a
tattoo on her neck those standards have
obviously changed the school said that
they have high expectations I don't know
what that means
there's nothing low about having locks
at all it seems like the expectation is
for a black student to try to be white
and that's a really really bad
expectation on a whole lot of levels so
for the life of me I can't think of one
valid lesson being taught by this I
can't think of any reason for it to
exist and you know discipline for
disciplines sake that's just a thorat
Aryan nonsense is torture
you're just forcing your will on
somebody because you can it's not a
valid reason to do something that is as
invalid as saying we've always done it
this way I would love to hear what y'all
think we all come together and try to
come up with a a valid lesson being
taught here because as far as I can tell
these two young men are alerting one
lesson and one lesson only and that's
that it doesn't matter how hard you work
what you do what you achieve somebody
can take it away from you because of the
way you look and I hate to break it to
the school I don't think there's a black
kid in this country that needs that
lesson talk to them
because they see it everyday from people
like you anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night